# Car-Taxi-Management-System
It's a straightforward project called Cab Management System. The data for this project are kept in a MySQL database and were written in PHP/OOP. This project is a web-based service that offers commuters a platform to book cabs online. Additionally, this software can give cab driver's drivers a quick and easy way to look for potential commuters. The program contains functionality and features that are user-friendly and simple to use. Additionally, it offers an easy-to-use interface that is pleasing to the eye to improve the end-web user's application experience, the management side of the system is the portion where management has access to and administration of all system data. The major purpose of this side is to manage the list of drivers, clients, and cabs. The Administrators and the Staff user roles are the only two categories of users who have access to this side. The privilege to administer and access all features and capabilities on the aforementioned side of the system belongs to the Administrators. Users on the staff, however, only have restricted access. The system's client side is the side used by the general public, commuters, and potential commuters. This side offers a registration form where users can set up accounts and gain access to more functions. The registered customer can list their cab bookings, book cabs, and cancel cab bookings. The customers only need to choose one of the available cabs. The customer only needs to pick or click the container containing the cab's details in order to access the cab booking form. He or she will enter the location of their pick-up and drop-off. Commuters may only cancel a reservation if it is still in the pending stage.
